msglist: Split into back-to-back slivers

Thanks to all the preparatory changes we've made in this commit
series and those that came before it, this change should have only
subtle effects on user-visible behavior.

This therefore serves as a testing ground for all the ways that the
message list's scrolling behavior can become more complicated when
two (nontrivial) slivers are involved.  If we find a situation where
the behavior does change noticeably (beyond what's described below),
that will be something to investigate and fix.

In particular:

 * The sticky headers should behave exactly as they did before,
   even when the sliver boundary lies under the sticky header,
   thanks to several previous commit series.

 * On first loading a given message list, it should start out
   scrolled to the end, just as before.

 * When already scrolled to the end, the message list should stay
   there when a new message arrives, or a message is edited, etc.,
   even if the (new) latest message is taller than it was.
   This commit adds a test to confirm that.

Subtle differences include:

 * When scrolled up from the bottom and a new message comes in,
   the behavior is slightly different from before.  The current
   exact behavior is something we probably want to change anyway,
   and I think the new behavior isn't particularly better or worse.

 * The behavior upon overscroll might be slightly different;
   I'm not sure.

 * When a new message arrives, the previously-latest message gets a
   fresh element in the tree, and any UI state on it is lost.  This
   happens because it moves between one sliver-list and the other,
   and the `findChildIndexCallback` mechanism only works within a
   single sliver-list.

   This causes a couple of visible glitches, but they seem tolerable.
   This will also naturally get fixed in the next PR or two toward
   #82: we'll start adding new messages to the bottom sliver, rather
   than having them push anything from the bottom to the top sliver.

   Known symptoms of this are:

   * When the user has just marked messages as read and a new message
     arrives while the unread markers are fading, the marker on the
     previously-latest message will (if it was present) abruptly
     vanish while the others smoothly continue fading.

     We have a test for the smooth fading, and it happened to test
     the latest message, so this commit adjusts the test to avoid
     triggering this issue.

   * If the user had a spoiler expanded on the previously-latest
     message, it will reset to collapsed.